<hr>
<div class="row">
  <div class="column left" style="color:#888"> <h3>About Me</h3> </div>
<<<<<<< HEAD
  <div class="column right"> <p> Welcome! I am an Assistant Professor of <a href="https://www.vanderbilt.edu/political-science/">Political Science</a> at Vanderbilt University. I study American political institutions, with a focus on Congress and public policy. A central interest of my work is understanding how the structure of political institutions shapes outcomes. This research agenda is motivated by the observation that public policy is not always well designed to meet its stated goals.<br> <br>My book project examines how the congressional bargaining process shapes, and at times distorts, federal grant programs. I show that legislators alter grant programs to bring more funding to their states. What is more, I show how institutional features, such as the committee system and majority rule, can both improve and reduce the targeting of federal funding to areas with the greatest need. Taken together, these findings have important implications for the effectiveness of federal programs and who benefits most from these programs.<br> <br>I received a Joint Ph.D. in Politics and Social Policy from Princeton University in 2021 and a B.A. in Political Science from Carleton College in 2014. Prior to beginning my graduate studies, I worked as a research assistant on K-12 education policy at the Congressional Research Service.</p> </div>
=======
  <div class="column right"> <p> Welcome! I am a Ph.D. Candidate in <a href="https://politics.princeton.edu/">Politics</a> and <a href="https://jdp.princeton.edu/">Social Policy</a> at Princeton University and am affiliated with the <a href="https://csdp.princeton.edu/">Center for the Study of Democratic Politics</a>. I will be joining the Department of Political Science at Vanderbilt University as an Assistant Professor in Fall 2021.<br> <br>I study American political institutions, with a focus on Congress and public policy. A central interest of my work is understanding how the structure of political institutions shapes outcomes. This research agenda is motivated by the observation that public policy is not always well designed to meet its stated goals. My dissertation examines how the congressional bargaining process shapes, and at times distorts, federal grant programs. I show that legislators alter grant programs to bring more funding to their states. What is more, I show how institutional features, such as the committee system and majority rule, can both improve and reduce the targeting of federal funding to areas with the greatest need. Taken together, these findings have important implications for the effectiveness of federal programs and who benefits most from these programs.<br> <br>Prior to beginning my graduate studies, I worked as a research assistant on K-12 education policy at the Congressional Research Service. I received a B.A. in Political Science from Carleton College in 2014.</p> </div>
>>>>>>> 65fe351eca4d1cfa7801d2c7544c4afb54d87522
</div>

